ENG-12957: Add section for S3 File Browser configuration (#17)
cyral-quickstart/quickstart-sidecar-cloudformation-ec2: README.md

analyze what is the proper networking configuration to allow connectivity from the EC2
instances to the protected databases.

#### Enable the S3 File Browser

To configure the sidecar to work on the S3 File Browser, set the following parameters in your CloudFormation stack:

>   - `SidecarDNSName`: Add the sidecar custom CNAME.
>   - `SidecarDNSHostedZoneId`: Add the Route53 hosted zone ID.
>     - If `SidecarDNSHostedZoneId` is omitted, the `SidecarDNSName` won’t
>       be automatically created, and the sidecar alias will need to be
>       created after the deployment: See [Add a CNAME or A record for the sidecar](https://cyral.com/docs/sidecars/manage/alias).
>   - `LoadBalancerCertificateArn`: Add the ARN of the TLS certificate in
>     AWS Certificate Manager.
>   - `LoadBalancerTLSPorts`: Add 443 to the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `SidecarDNSName`: Add the sidecar custom CNAME.
  - `LoadBalancerCertificateArn`: Add the ARN of the TLS certificate in
    AWS Certificate Manager.
```

> For sidecars with support for S3, it is also necessary to
> attach the list of IAM Policies giving the sidecar all the required
> permissions to assume IAM roles used to communicate to S3.
> 
> All the CloudFormation parameters used above are documented in the 
> [Cyral sidecar CloudFormation module for AWS EC2](https://github.com/cyralinc/sidecar-cloudformation-ec2/). 
> For more details about the S3 File Browser configuration, check the 
> [Enable the S3 File Browser](https://cyral.com/docs/how-to/enable-s3-browser) 
> documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For sidecars with support for S3, it is also necessary to create an IAM
role with permissions to access the target S3 buckets. This role must
have a trust relationship with the sidecar role created as part of this template,
so the sidecar can use it to access the target S3 buckets. The arn of the IAM
role with the S3 access permissions must then be provided to the 
control plane as part of the repository configuration.

For more details about the S3 File Browser configuration, check the 
[Enable the S3 File Browser](https://cyral.com/docs/how-to/enable-s3-browser) 
documentation.
```
